### Hi folks, Basically This operation is explored using Exploratory Data Analysis using Python.
  The continued improvement of the credit analysis process of a bank is indispensable in the current financial environment for any bank, especially a community bank. Advances in information technology, the development of new financial instruments, and other innovations in banking, along with increased regulation and competition from non-regulated financial entities have made a much less friendly environment for community banks today than in the past.
  
  During the most recent financial crisis, a large number of commercial banks in the United States were closed. The regulators closed 507 banks from 2008 to 2012, while only 25 banks were closed in the period 2001 through 2007. Commercial banks having less than one billion dollars in assets made up 85% of the number of banks closed between 2008 and 2014 and made up 92% of the number of banks closed from 2001 through 2007. The median level of leverage capital for the community banking industry as of June 2010 was 9.45%. This was roughly equal to the median capital ratios of the banks that failed from 2008 thru 2009, 10 quarters before they failed. In those years, 165 banks failed with 123 (75%) having assets less than $1 billion.
  
  Given these facts regarding the number of smaller bank failures as a percentage of the total number of bank failures, improvement in both the methodology of developing an adequate loan loss reserve and the credit risk management of these banks is necessary for the survival of smaller banks in the future.
  
  @ Copyright Sciencedirect.com
